docs: README fix. (#65)
dart-lightning/lndart.clightning: README.md

## Table of Content

- Packages
- How to Use
- How Contribute
- License

## Packages
 
The repository is managed as monorepo, and it contains the following packages:

| Package        | Description                                                     | Version    |
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|

> | cln_common     | A package that provides common interface for the monorepo.      | unreleased |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [cln_common](com/README.md)     | A package that provides common interface for the monorepo.      | unreleased |
```

> | clightning_rpc | A RPC wrapper around the core lightning API.                    | unreleased |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clightning_rpc | A RPC wrapper around the core lightning API.                    | v0.0.1 |
```

:) https://pub.dev/packages/clightning_rpc
